Eastwood is back in full force as Dirty
Harry and Magnum force
Jimmy Riley big-time racketeer
Lu Guzman narcotics King JJ Wilson
well-known pimp there are killers on the
loose dressed like cops and they always
use a Magnum you and your partner are
back on on the side it's a little
dramatic isn't it Briggs not your usual
style it's meant to be Callahan look
this thing might be bigger than even we
think it is this is the cream in the
bottle Callahan someone's trying to put
the courts out of business look you work
with Briggs on his scallion
they call him Dirty Harry and the likes
of deep things his way he's always
around where the action is in 24 hours
Harry manages to cover a stakeout to
stop a robbery and to be a good neighbor
hi hi
you're the cop who lives upstairs that's
right
but killers that look like cops are
after Harry because he knows too much
whenever there's trouble they always
call in carry because they know he'll do
the job it's all in a day's work for
inspector Harry Callahan